Functional Monitoring documentation update (1 of 5) (#50)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/afm-delete-monitor.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> Unneeded monitors can be easily deleted. However, there is no cost in keeping monitors if not scheduled to run.

Reviewer: Reword to active voice:
```suggestion
Although you can easily delete unnecessary monitors, there is no cost in keeping them.
```

== Procedure

> There are two methods to delete a monitor.

Reviewer: Avoid beginning sentences with "There is" or "There are":
```suggestion
Delete a monitor either from the homepage or from its detail page.
```

To delete a monitor from the homepage:

. Hover over the test to delete. 
. Click *Delete* (image:afm-ui-trash-button.png[width=1.5%,height=1.5%]).
. In the *Delete Monitor* dialog, click *Delete*.

To delete a monitor from its detail page:

. Select the monitor that you want to delete.
. Click the monitor.

> . Tap *More* (image:afm-ui-more-button.png[width=0.75%,height=0.75%]) followed by *Delete Monitor*.

Reviewer: Ditto prev. suggestion to reword:
```suggestion
. Click *More* (image:afm-ui-more-button.png[width=0.75%,height=0.75%]) > *Delete Monitor*.
```
